hello everyone celte would have
today we find ourselves for a
new presentation of two modes on
is found for the presentation of the mode
a hood and no items this game the
present once in a way in
my top 5 minecraft modes that I
invite you to go see who is
available on the channel simply
I talked about it so it's a mode that
lets you see all the kraft while
like the kraft mode guide I did
the presentation but this one is when
even much better because he did not
need to have little books for
present the cra
let's just go back two short seconds
kraft guide who is precisely the other
graph mode
you can also see the kraft
without the book using kraft lead
but the basis of the mode is very small
book for bad cracks and this one
just lets you see the kraft
directly with your interface with
your interface as with too many
times
so for example I want to see the craft
of the TNI I press it it will put
the craf of the tnt simply
after if for example I have a kraft
just expected me that I spend
will show you right after that
it's so for example I have the
distributor here if I do I press
on air with the mouse on the
distributor
it will put the craft of the distributor
after I can press to see the craf
of the bow et cetera and so on
so you have the 'utility' mode that
lets you see the kraft
directly by pressing on and without
cheat
like I have you without cheating so like
I showed it a few seconds ago
and you also have the mode
the schip mode that allows you to
your fears of giving you all that
you want and after you can
use etc etc
you also have the trick for
delete at the end of finding the cubes more
early when you're in fashion chic this is
like too many theme this simply
after you have the luthier who rides the
risk mode saas and I do not know how
can I explain it to you
but you can see the kraft but
how can i help you
explain that like that I 'm not
had a cheat here if I put it all
on the ground I have more on one for the
for the other thing so now I'm going
in russia mode the reef mode i do not know
more what it is my mouse just from me
let go in full video is there more than
Battery
she is dry my game playing with the pad
it is not very serious
so that's just the way it's
so you have utilities mode and the
ipsos match and useful elements
little russia I have never used at
your hairdresser but the most interesting
it's still the 'utility' mode for
to be able to see the graphs of everything and
whatever
it's also possible with them with
the notes you install know where
put the kraft also ba ba voila
it's the presentation is already finished
it's the note and nape mode items it's
this simply generates
I have a superb English pronunciation
and so here are the links finally the louis
the links that there is the link of peaks the
forge link and the link of this mode in
the description and here you are
want to download them and and at any
install
here you are, do not forget the little thumb
green and the comment it's always
pleasure and to subscribe if not
not already done we just 3200 processes
and some subscribers so that makes me
rather fun because it's me when
not even bad fast and then so here
thanks to you here I hope that you
please take care of yourself and bye bye
everyone plays